Add Failure Converter (#1780)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter.md

- `searchAttributes` are always encoded with JSON.
- Headers are not encoded by the SDK (the one exception will be—when implemented—the SDK [running OTel baggage through custom Codecs](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-typescript/issues/514)).

A custom Data Converter has three parts:

- [Payload Converter](#payload-converter)
- [Payload Codec](#payload-codec)
- [Failure Converter](#failure-converter)

### Payload Converter

> In some SDKs, there's the concept of a Payload Converter that's part of the Data Converter and does the conversion from a value to a Payload and back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some SDKs have the concept of a Payload Converter that's part of the Data Converter and does the conversion from a value to a Payload and back.
```

- [`ZlibCodec`](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-go/blob/706516c7077ba2e9b40304aeddbed47e25b2a68f/converter/codec.go#L77-L105) in the Go SDK
- [Encryption Data Converter](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/blob/15be864c80d4d983ebb8a8fbd3fa5263bcef6930/encryption/data_converter.go#L100-L126) in Go's encryption sample

> To view data that's been converted by a codec in the Web UI and tctl, use a [Codec Server](/server/security#codec-server).

Reviewer 2: I would mention that the codec can encode payloads too which can be used both in the UI and `tctl`.

Author: It's talking about payloads—here's the context:

https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/2ba2552c4093cf1039f4c2333755b7be45cf1033/docs/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter.md#payload-codec

Author: This is the Payload Codec section of the Data Converter concept page. I added this line to link to the codec server page because people using a payload codec may want to see either data in web ui/tctl.

My last comment was just saying that I think "data" is understood to be a payload.

> In order to view data that's been converted by a codec in the Web UI and tctl, use a [Codec Server](/server/security#codec-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view data that's been converted by a codec in the Web UI and tctl, use a [Codec Server](/server/security#codec-server).
```

- [Go sample](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/encryption)
- [Python sample](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-python/tree/main/encryption)
- [Java sample](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-java/tree/main/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/encryptedpayloads)

### Failure Converter

A Failure Converter converts error objects to proto [Failures](/concepts/what-is-a-failure) and back.

The default Failure Converter copies error messages and stack traces as plain text.

> If your errors may contain sensitive information, you can encrypt the message and stack trace by configuring the Failure Converter to use your [Payload Codec](#payload-codec), in which case it will move your `message` and `stack_trace` fields to a Payload that's run through your codec.

Reviewer 2: configuring the default failure converter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your errors may contain sensitive information, you can encrypt the message and stack trace by configuring the "default" Failure Converter to use your [Payload Codec](#payload-codec), in which case it will move your `message` and `stack_trace` fields to a Payload that's run through your codec.
```

> If your errors may contain sensitive information, you can encrypt the message and stack trace by configuring the Failure Converter to use your [Payload Codec](#payload-codec), in which case it will move your `message` and `stack_trace` fields to a Payload that's run through your codec.

Author: ```suggestion
If your errors may contain sensitive information, you can encrypt the message and stack trace by configuring the default Failure Converter to use your [Payload Codec](#payload-codec), in which case it will move your `message` and `stack_trace` fields to a Payload that's run through your codec.
```

> You can make a custom Failure Converter, but doing so may make Failure serialization incompatible with other SDKs, the Web UI, and tctl.

Reviewer 2: That's not true, the UI and `tctl` should still be able to show the failures.
I'd say that there's just not much benefit to doing so and that if going that route, if using multiple SDKs in an application, they must all implement the same failure conversion logic.

- TypeScript: [`DefaultFailureConverter`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/common.DefaultFailureConverter)
- Go: [`GetDefaultFailureConverter`](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk@v1.18.0/temporal#GetDefaultFailureConverter)
- Python: [`DefaultFailureConverter`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.converter.DefaultFailureConverter.html)

> - Java: [`FailureConverter`](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/io.temporal/temporal-sdk/latest/io/temporal/failure/FailureConverter.html)

Reviewer 2: This isn't the same `FailureConverter`, it's not customizable like it is in other SDKs, let's just mark Java as not supported at the moment.
